[REG-1293] Update Agent Builder documentation for Unity SDK (#39)
Regression-Games/RegressionDocs: docs/common/agent-builder/_behavior-trees.md

Each path represents a line of decision-making that results in one or more actions for the AI to take.

Each node in the tree executes logic and returns one of the following states as a result:

- **Running** -> The task represented by this node's branch hasn't yet completed.
- **Success** -> The node has completed its task successfully.
- **Failure** -> The node has failed its task. This doesn't necessarily mean an error occurred. For example, a heal action might fail if the character doesn't have any potions.

Different types of nodes have different responsibilities and react differently to the states of other nodes.

- **Root Node**: The beginning of the tree, where the AI starts its decision-making.
  Its job is simply to execute whatever node is below it in the tree and return its state.
- **Sequence Node**: This node has one or more children and acts as a logical AND.
  It executes its child nodes one at a time, and if any of them fail then the Sequence Node immediately fails.
- **Selector Node**: This node also has one or more children, but acts as a logical OR.

>   It executes each of its children and if one of them succeeds, then the Selector Node immediately succeeds.

Reviewer: Can we add more clarity around what `success` and `failure` mean in this context? Maybe a little example

Author: Added a practical example to this section

A behavior tree is composed of nodes organized into a hierarchical structure which starts with a root node and branches out to form different paths.
Each path represents a line of decision-making that results in one or more actions for the AI to perform.

Each node in the tree executes logic and returns one of the following statuses as a result:

- **Running** -> The task represented by this node's branch hasn't yet completed.
- **Success** -> The node has completed its task successfully.
- **Failure** -> The node has failed its task. This doesn't necessarily mean an error occurred. For example, a heal action might fail if the character doesn't have any potions.

Different types of nodes have different responsibilities and may react differently to the statuses of other nodes.

- **Root Node**: The beginning of the tree, where the AI starts its decision-making.
  Its job is simply to execute whatever node is below it in the tree and return its status.
- **Sequence Node**: This node has one or more children and acts as a logical AND.

>   It executes its child nodes sequentially, and if any one of them fail then the Sequence Node skips execution of the remaining children and returns a failure status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  It executes its child nodes sequentially, and if any one of them fail then the Sequence Node immediately returns the Failure status and stops executing child nodes.
```

Author: Updated, kept the wording similar to the updated verbiage for Selector Node

- **Selector Node**: This node also has one or more children, but acts as a logical OR.

>   It executes its child nodes sequentially, and if any one of them succeed then the Selector Node returns a success status. 

Author: Reworded for clarity, although slightly differently than your suggestion here

>   It executes its child nodes sequentially, and if any one of them succeed then the Selector Node returns a success status. 

Reviewer 2: Looks great!
